take the [Music]
Citadel put a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a Wale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation in our
final final season this is fantastic I want to bring to you tonight something
that's so scrumptious so you're can love it here's what I'm doing I'm doing something a little bit different tonight
we're going to reach out to the now and we're going to pull in a little bit of the now so that we can breathe and we
can see that future on one side and that past on the other this is fantastic we
are G to go to the Ivory Tower and we're gonna bring it
down tonight on lady
Babylon [Music]
we're gonna follow Jesus tonight we're going to come right back to where we had cozied up to them last time don't worry
I've got a special drop we're going to go straight in we're going to be looking right over his shoulder we're also going
to look at we're going to start out we're going to start out with the look
at what's being said what's being said we're going to go a little bit different
tonight a little bit of wait a minute before we do you guys know what we've got to do we've got to purify this place
chewy this place stinks I need some of that sulfur I need some Theon I need to
bring in the purification because tonight tonight we are affecting what is
going on around us you're gonna love this bring in that bring in the uh
sulfur we're gonna we're g to purify people hold your nostrils ready go roll
it the only question is is God going to allow our nation to enter a time of
judgment for our Collective sins which his mercy and Grace have held back for some time or is he going to give us one
more chance to restore the foundations and return to him we will not be able to do it without the Lord's help because
there's so the flesh is and the mistrust and the the sin and everything is so
great here that we this is going to have to bring people to their knees and I look I I believe God is about to do
something the faith in our institutions is as slowest it's ever been in the history of our nation um the the the
culture is so dark and and depraved that it almost seems irredeemable at this point we you know we're we're the church
attendance in America drop below 50% for the first time in our history since they began to measure the the data 60 years
ago and the the number of people who do not believe in absolute truth is now
above the majority for the first time so one in three te girls uh contemplated suicide last year one in four high
school students identifies as something other than straight um we're losing the
country here comes the purgation here it comes are you ready we're gon to we're
going to clean this place out we're going to bring it back to a place of
perfection and cleansing yes that's what we're going to do sulfur is necessary sulfur is
necessary what does sulfur do sulfur purges those dionas right when you have
a scene of murder you have to clean it you can't just clean it on a physical
level you've got to clean it so deep it goes to the fabric goes the the fabric of the cosmos you got to burn
sulfur you've got to drive those forces out now let's bring in the Articles look
you're going to love this people are you ready bring in the art I know this is special for me tonight so um go ahead
bring it up people look at this this is the Christian Century Fantastic look at the date on this thing November
2023 that's fantastic what month is it exactly okay mushrooms at the table
people have long tried to trace the connection between the early churches Eucharistic practice and psychedelic
substances Scholars aren't convinced take it down
Scholars aren't convinced Scholars aren't convinced I'm gonna do a all public
service tonight right I'm going to give it and lay it out and you guys know you in the
satanic congregation I can can feel you I can feel you we're going to make it
happen this bakic stuff is just beginning tonight it's cracking here
what about this article what did it say let's look at let's look at a couple of little excerpts from it blow it up here
let me get my glasses chewy in the tumultuous 16th century this is the
opening says the stage a Dominican frier named jonald Bruno our argued that the
Universe was infinite and had no Celestial body at its Center he also
believed in the transmigration of the Soul also known as
reincarnation his execution by the Roman Inquisition on February 17 1600 which
prefigured the more famous heresy trial of Galileo made him one of the early
Martyrs modern science take it down take it down
oh you feel that we're setting the stage they burned them
alive yeah poor Bruno he's got a statue now let's see why is that relevant to
the drugs hit the next one hit the next one people we're g to be talking about
some authorial stuff tonight this is fantastic I'm gonna give you take it down I'm gonna give you a scoop and an
Insight that you will not have otherwise been able to obain about this
publication oh fantastic you're going to love it see because you're part of the
congregation because you're part of the congregation and that's everyone that is
everyone whether you are a Baptist or whether you are a Evangelical whether you're a
Catholic whether you're an atheist yeah that's you that's all of us
together yeah love it love it all for free all for free it's in the contract
let's go watch this people watch the quotes you can love me love me Brian Mir
rescue argues just this in his 2020 book The immortality key the secret history
of the religion With No Name the lawyer and writer subscribes to the quote Pagan
continuity Theory speculative idea at a secret tradition dating back to the El
City mysteries of ancient Grace has been kept Alive by an underground network of
witches and wise men through the use of Mind expanding plants and drugs what passes for Holy Communion in
church today suggests is just pale imitation of these secret ageold
rights does that sound familiar it
should because when Ryan came to me sent by Dr Carl
Ruck it was because he needed to know what was going on with the
drugs he needed to know what the doctors were saying and doing he needed
to know about the pharmacological text right and rock sent him to me because Rock
knows right I'm a freak for that stuff it's got my
fetish let's look at some drugs you guys love it too it's the only reason you you bunch of historical
druggies yeah I love it don't you let's get it up we have a mosh pit anywhere we
should start a mosh pit here right in the middle can you see it let's go let's go to the next one um let's oh you guys
are G to love this can we just enjoy this ride this is the last season of satanic initiation can we just enjoy it
look chewy pull that up let's just I'm gonna I'm I'm just gonna bask oh god it
feels so good doesn't it Thomas Thomas what's this guy's
name kah um Tom is an authority on Christian mystical Traditions at the
Jesuit School of Theology Tom that's so impressive in Berkeley I did my my basic
training at Berkeley um with the GRE intensive Greek California said there's
no evidence I love I love Burg um that psychoactive plants had anything to do
and had nothing to do with Bruno's heresy trial thanks John mry a
progressive Christian Mystic and retired United Church of Christ
Pastor he's got a lot about him calls Mir rescues theories about pagans drugs
and Christianity a bunch of nonsense look isn't that funny look P where's
this guy from I think it's oh I'm getting it's must be
around 16090 yeah I'm getting a this is anybody
smelling the stink of the 17th did somebody open up a can of flatus from
the 17th century oh who did that come here Mary
find that person oh let's go okay I love this
bring up the next part of the arle you guys are going to but wait wait take it down take it down I'm so excited um look
when Brian came to me then and I uh he interviewed me right just interviewed
and I told him I laid everything out about the drugs and where you could find it where it is and why so frustrating
that nobody at Harvard is even paying attention that's why we get all the dumb
things they say Harvard says dumb things to you yes yes they
do so let's look at this stuff um another quote from the article blow that
up blow that up I had The Misfortune of reading the immortality oh my God the guy's got a
sense of humor right said marbry pastor marbry who now teaches
listen to what he teaches just listen to this and imagine I am a teacher of
spiritual Direction spiritual Direction okay I see where he's coming he's going to come
from spiritual Direction um at the Interfaith chapy Institute he's at an
Institute let him out I didn't appreciate the church bashing
oh sir I say the church is an easy
target and for good reason wait what you just told me you didn't like the B oh you know you're an
easy target for what Inquisition cruset and pilgrims a't that funny he pulled out the defenses right away
he look I know we've killed Millions Untold millions of
people yes yes sorry sorry sorry M Prof Pastor MRE
please please these are all horrendous things that should not be swept on the
rug who rug but if you want to bash the church write that book if you want to
speculate about in enthan write that
book it's hilarious look it's hilarious right so what do we have so far we have
the Dark Ages response right it's the Dark Ages we're going back people do you
feel a Vortex getting sucked back into it give me the next quote I'm still gonna give you insight as to what's
going on blow it up he's gone mad chewy he's gone mad the immortality key Mir
rescue continues to present only speculative evidence that Jesus would have been passing around psychedelic
wine at the last supper at the Last Supper give me these trolls let me read
that one more time in the immortality here Mir rescue continues to present only speculative evidence that Jesus
could have been passing around psychedelic wine at the Last
Supper are we are we there oh I'm sorry
we got hit by a TRC to beam or something I don't know what that was what did
you there you go and chewy J just like yanked the wheel of my hand careful
there sometimes I got to fly too um here it is he lacks the um there's not the
evidence that's what they're saying people look what they're saying in the article the hooty hoot Hoots from the
institutes are saying you lack the evidence I'm gonna put it up here tonight boom boom
boom read it people and you're like I can't because my Institute doesn't pay
for Greek anymore you know the idiots at Princeton don't can't teach themselves
ancient Greek anymore it got too hard it got too hard for the Ivory Tower
[Laughter] children okay here's some hard Greek for you and it's from Antiquity people and
all I want you to know is this is talks about the antidote to that substance
that he is putting in the bread that thing that puts you in into that state
of being possessed by the God yes and here it is you see the word
next to the look everybody Harvard quick look over here Harvard
Harvard is anybody home in Harvard come here who's the leave it up there to
who's the boy who guards the door at Harvard come come here Oliver come here Oliver it's okay it's okay no Oliver no
no don't sit down don't sit down Oliver tell me something are the boys at Harvard awake are they are
they okay here it is now you've had enough time ladies and gents at Harvard
to digest The Source you can no longer
say that it's speculation if they're saying it in
Antiquity it's not us it's them this is how the sources should be handled when
you're going in for money you're playing a game this is how it's handled we respect
the Muse that's what we do we support the
museum I just threw that Source in your face let's go back to quote I love this it's like oh God it's I don't know
starting to remind me of something something we'd find at that well and
remember that well and I think it was in South Africa right love it okay um in a
2021 conversation with Mir rescue Charles Stang this is Char Charlie Stang um
pointed out that while there may have been Greek mystery Cults there may have
been hey Charlie you don't sound to you don't sound too positive about that with the mystery religions Charlie you kind
of may have been don't you got to commit man we when you're solving a murder when
you're solving a murder D say may have suspect may have done something that's
not scientific what's wrong with you um Greek mystery Cults they did Charlie
don't worry about it um dionysian movements communing with magic
mushrooms this why do they pick that one um or aragot
spiked beverages right aragot spiked beverages little tip of the hat to Carl Ruck for figuring out what was in part
of the dope in one of the ceremonies that say what's what we need masu's book
does not really link this to early Christian practices quote I'm not here
trying to protect Christianity from the evidence of psychedelic use said stank
the director of Harvard center for the study of world religions I expect we
will find it look how he's it sounds like stank sounds like he's trying to
run for office doesn't he on the one hand I may stand on this side of the fence on the other I'd like to stand
over here you can't do that in science stank but I don't think we have found it
and I think that's an important distinction to make
stank take that down yeah right okay bring it up again for
stank stank no um bring the sorry bring Greek up jwy for stank one more time
hey huha stank here it is you don't need to
speculate anymore you don't need to speculate if you had read the
text in the original you'd picked it
up your work stank give us the next
quote Oh I love this let's look now we're we're in the you know the article
we're in the article swimming in it tonight right I thought you said we were going to Jesus don't worry he's coming
he's coming um there's evidence and there's belief says the author through the article in the end it really comes
down to belief seriously seriously do you not see the
Middle Ages do you not see the stank of the Middle Ages oh my God give me the next
one give me the next one what else do these Geniuses come up with Christianity has been influenced by every culture is
encountered especially Greek culture and a Greek mystery religions priest said
who thinks that Christianity priest thinks I don't know who this guy priest is but he thinks Christianity existed in
a vacuum he does he does he says it influenced other cultures Christianity
didn't influence Jack Christianity came into the world through those
Mysteries and if you don't know those Mysteries St stank and priest you don't
know nothing yeah and you can't make statements like oh this doesn't fit and
that doesn't fit um this cannot be how silly I'm surpris they don't just say
how silly um and just write it off completely but here we have drugs for
you tonight guys Christianity has been influenced yeah um I think we should have a very expansive conversation yeah
that's going to do a lot unless you learn some Greek that's not going to help you priest um in conversation with
Christianity about exactly what Brian's bringing up not be afraid of it if psychedelics Were Somehow part of our
history somehow
what that would inform my own Christian experience let me tell you what your
Christian ancestors were doing stanky priest let me show you what they were
doing bring it up one more time do it the the Greek take a look at it pre
take a look at it it's a psychedelic Sacrament yeah makes him thirsty they
try to give him the antidote to balance it yeah right on the
cross it's not me saying this it's this source and you can see priest at
155 Anon do you see that antidot that's
antidote priest and if you had read any any of the science from Antiquity you
would have known It's associated with the Christos because you can't have a
Christos without drugs you cannot have a Christos without drugs we're about to go
into Jesus's saliva does anybody want to go into Jesus's saliva tonight H yeah
Jesus saliva hit the next one boom we're coming to y
we're coming to Yota tonight guys this is number nine but numerically number 10
right the Greeks said it's all done at 9ine it's all done at 9ine 10 is just a
flip of the calendar right love it we are at the balance we're at the balance
are you ready I'm GNA bring in when
Brian when um Brian went on Joe Rogan for the first time he emailed me and he said hey um
can you assure me that x y and
z um about the sources you know he's firming up his
base and I said yes wrot him back a little explanation he said can I um can
I mention you on show Rogan and I saides only
only if you talk at least one
sentence about Jesus being arrested with a naked
boy only don't bring up my name otherwise then um the name was never
brought up right you see how
far when you go back to what is real that science when you go back to those
sources it makes all of the garbage that you are fed all of the fairy tale that
you're fed it just dissipates like a cloud of flatulence from the sisters of
insecurity yeah yeah there a
branch of the sisters of frustration you know it's a it's a um
kind of convent type deal I took a trip
once anyhoo let's get back to it let's put that down that's Dynamite we don't
want to raise that um so back to the sources here we're with Iota I guys want
I want you to drift with me into Iota look at this oh it's a voice it's a voice or cry just that eah eah right a
voice or cry um and look follow down the branches e away e away Cry of men or
women a cry a roaring you know Blast Of The Zephyr that
cry oh God it's so delicious um e right what is this it's a form um that
of EOS right that has a different genitive we're talking about um um
hetocy and um um het
heterantha oh my God that's nerdy right but look at number look at a letter a
arrow okay plural of EOS it can be okay wait a minute just all from that little
Iota yeah just all from that Iota and from that Iota we also get Yos a poison
as of serpents oh man venom venom Mad Dog Venom it's the honey with which
snakes fed yamos right yamos who is yamos you hear
that Iota people yota's right in the middle of those seven right Yota has
three on one side and three on the other do you hear Yoda have you found the
Seven Stars have you found the Seven Stars yet
ioda she is right is in the middle balancing the Alpha and the Epsilon and
the Ada on one side and on the other side the Omron oilon and Omega we're
right at that bridge right at that fourth right okay here we are love it
give me the next one give me the next one boom Oh IO what is IO man look I just
want you to see there's a little bit of violet as we're painting this picture of Yota I want you see we're in the Violet
Spectrum love it give me the next one boom um oh oh now we're getting a little
bit out there right pulling in some consonant getting a little bit out there cry shout you right used in tragedy
beail to bewail the dead right to whail the dead of things sound right it's a
sound where and where are we finding at the bottom look the oric argonautica right so you know we're right in the
right place especially look at the bottom there's a dagama in there as well
right right on the bottom they got a diagma before weak right
weak um here's the name yakos Mystic name of dionisis look at
that what we found in the Yoda the song in his honor look at number two where it's a song in his
honor musos right the Mystic yak
the Mystic Yos oh God some kind of special chorus
some kind of special chorus we're there with the Yota we're there with the eota
we're with that chorus again how do we always come back to that baket chorus
because people we're here for the mystery you're here for the initiation right tonight we're going to
initiate some some people from Harvard stank from Harvard fantastic bring the
next one bring the next one leave the Pigman for now we'll come back to them
right right oh this is y my so y my right what's look what what to cure or
to treat of diseases I'm a Healer I'm a Healer
through that shout that bokic shout yes why do you think this is all under the
opes of Apollo right think for a minute Jesus doesn't exist there's no Moses
none of that stuff that was that was given to you in what you call the Old Testament it's long time not being
around right this is way before it and what are they doing that bakic um chorus is upholding Apollo's
healing cult yeah yeah Paulo's healing cult this
is the great physician now do you know why the one who is the Christ has to be the great physician why do you think why
do you think that's an issue because that was the mystery through which Christianity was
developing yeah right here it is in the language here's in the language give
that Greek one more time I want these guys because these guys are at Harvard are slow no the Greek for the the main
phrase that I want to keep flashing up here did you did we bring my goat tonight by the way okay um Harvard Q in
here here it is you don't need to speculate anymore right you should have just read the
sources I know you're going to a lot of Banquets you go having a lot of drinking parties whatever you're doing I don't
know but it's sure as hell is not the substance let's go for it I anticipated
you on the whole drug things it was 10 years ago people were saying oh this cannot be right now they're all saying
oh well look now we got to study the decree to which the drugs are used yeah
Bravo let's just look at what we have with Jesus it gets my goat all of this
stuff it gets my goat look look Ivory Tower look into the cross look at it we
have it there to censor anything that may be that may be
foul we'll cleanse cleanse this place with sulfur did you know Jesus here's a
new one I'm gonna pop this one on you you guys are so lucky did you
know that Jesus had dope in his
mouth he had dope in his mouth he had he had what that Magus had he had
that capacity to contain in his mouth The Cure right what this this dope is is bad
too this dope is linked to the sulfur and linked to those snakes remember when
he said I'll have you in a place remember when Jesus said I'll have you in a place where you can drink these
thimon cocktails these things that induce death right the serpents you can
drink those serpents you can lift up those serpents nothing will happen to
you right nothing will happen to you this is that Jesus right this is that Jesus I know
people don't like this this Jesus that we're looking at because he's a complete Total Drug user when I read that article
and and saw the the very idea that Jesus was using drugs is absolutely is
absolutely the final frontier yeah it is it is let's show him
in All His glory that's why we're going tonight to his spitting that's why we're going to look at spitting Jesus did you
see Jesus spit in that dude did he spit in his
mouth put his fingers in his ears spit in his
mouth oh my God yeah is he on the drugs yeah they're
coming out of his mouth it's poly Pharmacy poly Pharmacy you turn the person into the drug
dispenser yeah that's how it works Isn't it nice now you know why we have all of
the all of the accounts of the dangerous poisons that are on the mouth of the
people right next time you read um um something that you you may learn in
classical myth something called classical myth you're going to read about heracay dogs for example what are
they known for they're all known for that poison spittle right they call it the madness of the
dog yeah the dog and people say oh God it's rabies right oh God do you realize
what that's what that's attached to that's part of the robelia isn't it oh my God we're getting into the deep
agricultural stuff now this is the real from the ancient world yeah watch that
rust watch that rust so here's what here's what we have bring bring back up
The Source let's go to another one oh look at this yeah oh I want you to start looking I want you to start looking at
the spitting just look at the second line what's he doing
here he's spitting in a dude's eyes he's spitting in a dude's eyes and underneath
that EP right look at you look at you people
at Harvard we don't talk we do we do people and um yeah my students do too
yeah yeah yeah what is that bottom line
EP right he's putting he's placing his hands now people say is this laying on
of hands this is the one that's not the grabby sexual laying on of hands this is
the one that's the putting on of hands right this is the
application of his hands yeah and how's he doing it he's got his hand in his
mouth and everything he's putting them in the eyes he's got to put the drugs on you right he's got to put you through it
he's curing these people he's curing these people he's chising them did you
say he's christing them yeah we'll look the text bring me the next one Che we
boom look at this this is Mark 7:33 yeah so oh God so he took him away
this is just Jesus and for one of his people that he's going to you know he's
going to open him up he's going to open him up um yeah he's he needs help right
it's medical he's a great physician you bonee head right and what does he do
what does he do here he takes this guy off right from the crowd by
himself right which sounds a tad Shady in the Greek don't
get me wrong that the d on there at the end it's a little bit of shade of let's
go somewhere yeah yeah let's go somewhere sh come on you and me let's go
um uh and anyhow so and what does he do when they're all when they're all by themselves look at line too the Bible is
perverted people just wait just wait eal to doctus he put his fingers where
a into his ears okay so this man has just taking
you has just taken you in the back alley okay I don't know maybe it was
somewhere nice maybe he had a room somewhere I don't know you know could have been it could have been out in the
street for all I know well had to be somewhere where they were all by themselves so I don't know maybe they
went in a restroom yeah oh I forgot oh they didn't have any built there right it's a little too
early right Judea is a Jud is a terrible terrible place the Romans make fun of it
constantly um it's Backwater and anybody who gets a sign there it's because they
they slept with the emperor's cousin or something you know what I mean and he was getting tortured for it okay um go
go to the next Source here's Mark said yeah so oh and what does he do there yeah um look oh God so he's got his
fingers in his ears he's got his fingers in his ears okay all right so I'm like
well here is he doing the doctor thing looks like the doctor thing is he G to stethoscope him or something um no he um
spits he spits yeah he spits now nus is going to
clarify where he spits and I really okay people think about this for a
minute we know about the cobras right we know about the
spitters yeah yeah um if we spit in people's eyes or into their mouths and
noce is going to clarify this let me be an adult for a minute I was relishing that too
much if if I were to come to your house float through the door
magically and put my fingers in your
ears and spit into your mouth and then work your tongue that's
what it says yeah I'm not quite sure um but I would
suspect that there would be something that you just gave me in that
spit that um is affecting my what does it do for this guy oh God
it's a specific drug that he's employing and it's from the house of dawn it's the
dawn Bringers yeah the dawnbringer it's what he calls it the dawn bring drug you
wanted the cult I'll bring you in the boys at Harvard you can drop out now because you're never gonna get this deep
into the text you don't care about these texts what that's not Henry Cavill is it no
okay oh it's Jesus what Jesus I'm surprised we don't need a
cross for that one uh let's keep going let's keep going seriously that's a cut
Jesus nice job on the look at that he's got the classical proportions there oh
God it looks like that's W nice job Michelangelo would be honored to have
lunch with the dude that did that or do that whoever it was so okay let's get out of Jesus in the back alley with the
guy um I want I want want to this was a little publication the miracle of spit
and sight you know online little guy yandian I don't know he's a pastor or something give me the next one um I just
want to read this to you Jesus spit um whoops he uh go to the next one
he healed another blind man by spitting in the clay and rubbing it on the Man's
eyes he's talking about John but remember we have John translated by somebody who knows the orphic cult right
who knows how the bakets work who knows how the Baptists work so he's really telling you how it is he also spit on
the tongue of a man with a speech impediment right
um and I you know I've never heard actually in all my time I've never heard
a Christian explanation of the the holy
spitball lugie the lugie of the lugie of
Eternal clumpiness I've never I've never had it
don't get all excited in Antiquity the doctors um are talking about body fluids
as treatments right you you can treat a child's eye with urine right after that
child is born if you get a virgin which is a good you know I'm just giving you
what the texts are telling us if you have a virgin and she pees into that you
can walk wash out that child's eyes after he or she is born and you can
limit the amount of disease that can be passed to that child's eyes we know that
things like chyia right can cause an infant to um
blind to be blinded right and so they knew it as well um these things could be passed in
the process of birth yeah these diseases could be passed on so that's where we are drug
wise we're with the we never left the midwives we're always going to be with the midwives because that medicine is
what produced all of the drugs that Jesus and his gang of hoodlum prostitute
children um are up
to sister-in-law not wife not not mother-in-law sister-in-law
yeah let's go to the let's go to the next one boom oh yeah that we got to finish it oh um he also spit in the
tongue of man with spe but notice that in each three cases Jesus spit on the part of the body which was diseased this
guy's brilliant right um notice also it's the mouth and the eyes right um with uh again showing he
spit weight oh God he chewy he almost stayed with us he just got evaporated by
a by the Empire look she he spit on the disease not on the person what are you
talking about dude if I see two grown men in the parking lot spitting in each other's
mouths uh no they're not spitting on some kind of
allegorical disease dude what is wrong with people
are you that willing to accept the fairy tale this is a guy with another guy and
they're spitting in each other's faces well one of them one of them that you know I don't know one of them is because
it's the stuff it's the stuff that he's making let's go look at the actual text and see what what kind of drugs is Jesus
up to you you're gonna be surprised what's in Jesus's mouth in a minute because we've got nus to tell us nonas
will tell us he'll tell us what he's doing if he's a fire breathing dragon he's going to tell us guess what Theon
baby I'm going to give you a drug that was in Jesus's mouth you haven't had this one yet what's in Jesus's
mouth I want some don't you if I heard about this guy I'd be like
Jesus wouldn't you you try it once right try at least once oh come on you you
wouldn't let Jesus cheey would you let Jesus spit in your mouth like this guy
how about eyes what about eyes no no you
you kids at Bible study right by kids I mean figuratively you pastors who teach Bible
studies teach this one to your students have them get come up say hey
Billy come here I'm gonna show you I'm going to
show you what Jesus does Oh Billy run run run
Billy call the cops this guy's a pervert right right exactly yes right
that's what's going on that's what's going on so
um we want to find out what's in his mouth that he's spitting that he's using
as a drug he even combines it right with the dirt to turn it into a paste right
which something that you can see the Physicians doing right they're making
all sorts of applications like this and they're eping them they're it's epith
excuse me they're epith they're putting them on they're applying them that's
Jesus is just being a great physician and he is applying the drugs was Jesus
using drugs yes was did Jesus have drugs in his body yes was the Eucharist drugged
yes bring us up that text show everybody here show them again no the text the text Boom everybody look at that where
there drugs in the Eucharist yes here it is here it is it's
Vision inducing Vision inducing
Eucharist make an announcement how can we do this do I blow a trumpet or
something here it is people Harvard get off your butts look at
this now if I had been with Brian on
Rogan that's what I would have given him was that evidence right so the article
that we saw in the beginning um is it's really a little bit disingenuous because
those people don't do the sources they don't know right look did you see them
holding up their hands well if it were the case Cas that that happened then we would change your
opinion right well why don't you get off your backside and take a look take a
look it gets my goat it gets my goat cover cover hello hello I love her so
much what's her name we need a name for the goat what's
that Penelope I like that Penelope the goat don't look there you dirty people
don't do that this is standards here it's educational what I'm doing let me
explain what I'm doing is I'm associating that cross with my inability to show anything of a nature of that
would entail something underneath a goat's tail yeah and go who doesn't love goats man
seriously you can never have enough goats I know one of us has like how many do she have she like 20 20 goats get
more get more keep getting goats make a giant goat school love it a school for
Wayward goats go um Ace colone oh this is
spitting people um we can divert Omens this way right we can spit into our
cpost what yes we can let those of you
with ears to hear hear let's go to the next boom look at this so um yeah so
Jesus knew the jig was up says this I'm translating it right um so that the
scripture could be fulfilled he says I am thirsty we're back on the cross with
him I just wanted to see Jesus yelling out I think I just wanted you to imagine for a minute Jesus yelling out I am in
the Thirsty zone right he will somebody shut that guy up he keeps keep screaming
about something to drink it's driving the cops crazy they're dve taking him water bottle after water bottle go no
seriously they just they just gave him drugs and there was this skos sitting there right and it's full of that oxos
and what happened somebody puts a sponge up with the oxus right and they're holding it there over his mouth and what
happens go to the next one go to the next one yeah yeah um all of a sudden I
transported us we're going to Betha right and there's this dude there that
you know he he's he's got a disability you know what I mean and they're begging him do something about it put use your
hands brah get handsy with him this blind person and what happens what
happens keep going keep going let's see what happens he takes him aside you know what I mean and he's he does what he
takes him out of there and spits in his eyes put puts his hands in his eyes he
says what do you see now right okay this is that Jesus go to the next one let's
look at what he's actually doing people this is good stuff um yeah um yeah it's
just about restoring his vision let's keep going let's keep going um and
here's the actual now here's the pit bit that I want to give you from John this is from the Gospel of John right and
he's again he's here he's after said these things you know he spits on the ground and what does he do he makes a
Pon he makes a Pon which is like a paste or um um sometimes translated as clay
yeah from the tusos yeah from the stuff that came out of his mouth right and he's gonna put
this payon now on his eyes well that makes sense it's perfectly in line with
what the doctors are doing what is ausma well PMA is spewed them spewed them and
you say Amen Jesus is just leave it Jesus is just being a good doctor alen
Jesus is just being a good doctor until you see number
two what the more that guy is such a serpent Venom
junkie now this makes perfect sense people because we all
know that that stuff in their mouth that stuff can kill
you that Temple Guardian that we call the
Medusa she has a stuff that runs out of her mouth it can kill
you she will spit it into your
eyes you wonder why you got to cut her head off yeah she'll spit it into your
eyes and when that slav when that foam and Nick nus is
going to describe it as foam just wait we're gonna look in Jesus's mouth in a minute this is the most
disgusting Dental trip you've ever taken in your life but we're going to go nobody's ever gone wait Chewy has
anybody been here this is Uncharted this is Uncharted nobody's
gone in Jesus's mouth oh my God people we just hit the outer sector we just hit the outer rim
baby Jesus's mouth nobody nobody's gone who's gone to
Jesus's mouth why did you go into Jesus's mouth I saw him he was in the alley with this
dude right they he's doing stuff with it there's tongues stuff going right what
the yeah yeah why are his fingers in his ears what's he doing put your fingers
watch Watch What Happens Watch What Happens get that stuff on your finger put the fingers in yeah yeah of course I
wanted to see what it was that he was had in his mouth let's keep going we're gonna see it oh god look this is torture
for me but I'm gonna put on my glasses thank you chewy chewy um is trying to give me an
eye test it must be demonstrated therefore that there is a rational power
in animals I thought that was nice just to put that up there right this is from Antiquity who that I forget who this was
now um I'll think of it in a minute um and in the first place indeed each of
them knows whether it is imbecile or strong in consequence of this it defends
some parts of it itself but attacks with others thus the panther uses its tooth
the lion its nails and teeth the horse its Hooves the ox is
horns yeah nice the [__] it's Spurs scorpion is Sting but and I love this
part I love this part but the serpents in Egypt use their
spittle for what reason they're called dadis the SP
ERS okay in this way they blind the eyes of those who approach right your eyes
are that portal um into your system into your
physiology right and um if you see the burning purple in somebody's eyes um
know that it's just you yes it will cause blindness but it is part of the
process and there are ways of treating people with
thcs yeah so this is a complex this is a complex world they're balancing out this
potential total death and blindness or blindness with
um the potentiality that you can ride that
pharmaceutical line you can stay in that as aristos let's look at that Christos
right we've got more christing going on the next one next one whereever the next oh did I get round to that yeah did I oh
yeah that's it that's it that's all I want to do the spitters we talk about the spitters keep going EOS what is eos
it's that Venom right the spitter kind of ASP it's what
we call an asp if we're in 19th century right middle 19th century um phumin
talks about this and on his poisonous creatures have any of you read that no
nobody has H we have hey except for us let me add that except for us because we
have yeah take that take that Harvard look what you're doing you have access
to things that Harvard doesn't because they're Bon heads you say how can you offend Harvard
how dare you what a waste what a waste of energy um
let's go let's go to the next Source yeah yeah um I just wanted you to see
look at the last word here right people I'm going to take you to some medical side and I want you to see the SM and
the end of it there they're going to be using all he's doing is talking about making an application that is Epi it's
the same thing you are applying for the sake of your um wounds right pushing the
pushing the thorn they called it um for the sake of those you can put on those a
plaster that's made out of these but it's using the Smyrna so when you're dosing with the Venoms you need
something to counterbalance them and that's what they're providing right so make sure you've got
your Smyrna now what do they give Jesus when he's hanging there on the cross
they give him smiz wine that's what the text says people right
they're trying to balance out the effects that the guy was going through
right if you want to die from that thirst go
ahead or you can do what the priestesses do and bring yourself back to the other
side follow Eve baby follow Eve Adam is a closed loop yeah follow Eve make some
progress let's go um they'll never do it the the Watchers told me next
one um look at this I just want you to see oh God this is Nas's
explanation right and um look he's calling Jesus the wox again right but
look he's spitting he's spitting in the next one we'll see the verb don't switch there but in the next one we'll see the
verb but what is he spitting he's spitting
Theon he's spitting Theon people that's a
drug it's a drug it's used in medicine it's used all over it's used for ritual
purifications look it up people talk about what its root could have been I've seen old Scholars no recent but old
scholarship on what um it probably was right
sulfur right you're GNA find sulfur give me the next one on that dry ground
that's what you have to put Ry what is he doing he's uping it this is Jesus he's describing Jesus spitting into the
guys um spitting on their faes right here it's into the mouth it says it's
into the mouth this is the mouth Guy this is the m uh this is the mouth guy
please understand that spit in my mouth Jesus holy Jesus Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ spit in my mouth please why has nobody
written A Hymn on the Blessed spittle of Jesus has anybody I bet some weird cult
groups probably get involved in the spittle of Jesus right you know what I mean spittle of Jesus let's get it let's
get the spittle of Jesus you know chemically we can reproduce it nobody cares but oh well maybe in a
few years let's go um back to uh yeah yeah oh let's just just okay so on the
second line here I just wanted you to see um first line actually the last two words afron right that afron is the foam
Jesus nonah says Jesus it's not just clear spittle like you know
somebody walking up and spitting on the ground right no it's worked up into a
froth it's worked up into afon you know why they call her the frothy
afrodite you know why they call her that you know what I'm talking about everybody anybody who's worshiped take
it down anybody who's worshiped Aphrodite and by that you know exactly what I mean you've been there you've
been there yeah you know the froth you know the
foam it's that it's that foam that Jesus has in his
mouth in his mouth Jesus has got it in his
mouth frothy aphrodesiac foam you got to
balance this stuff with the Smyrna or you're in you're urine deep and they tried to give it to him while I was
hanging there and everybody's like oh why are they doing that it was a they
bring out the fairy T bring out the fairy tale right bring on the British actors let's just do this the good old H
King James way yeah no that's not how it happened dude they were balancing him
and we saw that known us told us that it's a balance for what is in that
Eucharist it is the balance for that blood and body for that bread and
wine yeah it's that balance good you need it or it's GNA the
side effects you're going to kill you dude you might be hanging there on the cross and just boom it gets you yeah
yeah and the Roman soldiers like huh let's break his legs no let's not he's
already dead just poke himo right OD do you classify that as an OD did you
know your savior Christianity everybody at the Bible institutes who was part of that article tonight did you know your
savior was a junkie you know he ODed to death yeah if they had been able to get
to him the proper chemicals they could have brought him out of it right they're doing that stuff all the time it's resurrection that was his deal
right Resurrection death and Resurrection right being born again I'm
gonna open your eyes baby whether you like it or not open your eyes and look at the naked boy that's with Jesus when
he gets arrested at 400 a.m. in a public park look at him it took me over an hour
to get to that kid but he's still there he's not leaving these are in the text okay I'm sorry let's go one more time
that text I just want people to see that foam oh God to see that foam one more
time what does he do he makes that pasty thing out of it but I want you to look on line three one two the second word
palon and the fourth word f foron fice foron all my Greek
students what does Jesus make take it down he makes the
luciferian palon he makes the luciferian or the
light bringing medicine the payload going to
put it in your eyes baby right you're going to see you're
going to see why because I'm the light of the world I'm the light of the world if you'd asked me I'd have given you the
Water of Life you want the Water of Life Give Me Jesus I know I know Gangsta G
you're supposed to be a j gangster G I know gangster G is on the stuff that's
why I want you to spit in my mouth Gangsta G I want to know what is in the
Blessed mouth I want that Holy lugie I want it I want I want to rub rub it
around the inside of my mouth no is that too much seriously of everything we've
talked about that was too much oh my God is anybody comment
the lugie seriously the sacred lugie drove you
off all right all right right it was even worse that was even worse they
called it yeah what do they call the the seed of Jesus they call that love of God
isn't that quaint give me some love of
God now you're like oh my God he was talking about that with his boys with
his with his little Mai his little students he was talking about that with
them oh God now you understand why he speaks in Parables do you think the
whole time it was so that you would have some magic understanding no it was so you wouldn't understand what he was
doing right look when you're a l you got to hide the stuff you can't openly find
like this the authorities will break down you give me a lugie Jesus give it right to me I want that lugie so much
praise and glory Hallelujah lugie give it to me I would take it to right in the
mouth bit Yeah Jesus Jesus give me it give me it let's not be gratified by
this no gratification go to the next Source
what's our Theon here they're gonna identify it as Brimstone what are you from the Dark Ages Brimstone used to
fumigate and purify oh love it look at the sources on the bottom you see
diores notice that it's perhaps cognate with tho guys in Greek tho you know
that's the that's the word of sacrifice right and I tell you every time I'm like don't think of sacrifice like you think
think of it as using a substance um I'm turning it into a vapor so that you can
partake of it you mean that guy standing out there with his Vape pin is closer to ancient religion yeah yeah
sorry right it's the way it is it was all connected they never separated the
nature was a part of it right that's why Paul's going around giving everybody a hard time saying don't call me that
don't tell me that I'm a follower of the Christos right and he's got his flesh
he's that that drug using monkey has his has his thorn in his flesh he's flying
on the Venoms baby yeah love it it's not just the their combos too by the way you
can't just get them the way everybody else gets them right oh gotta go through that Oracle love it that's why the pithy
is yelling at Paul let's keep going they don't care the folks at the religious
Institute um they don't care yeah so this is more of it yeah so that's this
is you see that pay loan is in there he made that what did he do with the payloan that is on line two look at the
first the first word in line three EP he did what he christed my eyes baby
he christed your eyes yeah he christed your eyes notice they're not sitting
there because you who were part I'm talking to the guy at Berkeley I think
it was stanked Harvard or priest I can't remember which one Harvard I think it was har who's the guy at Berkeley I
don't know it doesn't matter Dr dud little thanks chewy
um um what what you've got here people when you use the term Christ you think
in the Bible institutes in the Bible colleges you thank in the Bible
departments um that this is like a special term that was used um came out
of Jesus's mouth and then everybody was like huh yeah right we'll adopt that
term no no Christianity comes
through the helenistic world it doesn't exist in a vacuum it is
there because of the Greek culture it's there
because of the Greek religion and they're using a term that the doctors are also using right it's
the technical application I told you guys that every everybody says ha Messiah and it has nothing to do with
that it is the application of a drug Jesus is the
Christos he's the one who has the
christing that's why we want him to spit in our mouths and our eyes I want him to spit wherever he wants right if I'm
going to be a good Christian if this guy who promised us tonight you saw it I
think it was priest who said it one of these guys said it's okay one of these guys said hey if it's that way and
ultimately we're going to find it it stank from Harvard if it's that way and ultimately we're gonna have to embrace
it guess what stank you're gonna have to embrace it a lot deeper inside of you than you thought
yeah you're gonna have to it um yeah yeah he's gonna spit because that
Exchange of the drug is absolutely Paramount to the practice you know it is
what is the mystery you don't get a mystery without complex combos of drugs produced by
people right who can do the christing yeah remember media she's the
first recorded incident that I found the first recorded incident um that of
christing yeah so this is a Bronze Age development right maybe she created it
herself I would tend to think because they explain the fumigations is her specific creation and producing that
bakic enoic state um you would think logically that because she's the one
who's using those drugs that the christing has to come through those specific drugs so
probably more likely than not she's the source right she's the one who develops
that treatment it wasn't always around it didn't hang from the trees right it's evolution of biology right so
um yeah there we are there we are this is what I wanted to bring you
tonight I wanted to bring you a little bit of the present and I wanted to pull in so that we can see the future and the
past I wanted to kind of sit and dwell in that present bubble I want to um
people say don't do that because it dates you but in the iota we have to set
that center point I want to bring in the Theon I want to bring in the sulfur to
purge this place again right which Jesus had in his
mouth yeah guy was extreme bro and I want to bring back the sulfur Purge
watch this let's do it one more time this is our present bubble Focus From The Throne hit it
chewy the only question is is God going to allow our nation to enter a time of
judgment for our Collective sins which his mercy and Grace have held back for some time or is he going to give us one
more chance to restore the foundations and return to him we will not be able to do it without the Lord's help because
there's so the flesh is and the mistrust and the the sin and everything is so
great here that we this is going to have to bring people to their knes and I look I I believe God is about to do something
the faith in our institutions is the slowest it's ever been in the history of our nation um the the the culture is so
dark and and depraved that it almost seems irredeemable at this point we you know we're we're the church attendance
in America dropped below 50% for the first time in our history since they began to measure the the data 60 years
ago and the the number of people who do not believe in absolute truth is now
above the majority for the first time so one one in three team girls contemplated suicide last year one in four high
school students identifies as something other than straight um we're losing the
country it's dark it's dark I can feel your sin I can
feel it I can feel those decisions that you make and those the things you
contemplate I can feel them I can feel those feelings that you have that you're
part of this darkness that is spreading and this is the foundation that the
third okay just so people know if
President Biden falls down the stairs or something and Comm
Harris you know um ends up I don't know going off and doing something else um
this gentleman will be the master holding the torch of democracy
for the world yeah yeah this
cleansing that you can smell from
him right this cleansing that you can smell you smell the sulfur on his breath
do you smell it it's your sin it's your sin if you even if you
even look keep your eyes closed because if you even look you're
guilty you're guilty this Darkness right that
sits in the foremost place of our brains this storm this Darkness this
Fury this is the kind of thing that if you don't Purge it
you're going to end up spitting a lugie into somebody's
mouth yeah people this is all the same
history it's all the same person through time yeah reflecting that power what
happened tonight we didn't see the we didn't see the um the world receive the knowledge right
we didn't see it we see a church that's very upset about bashing and we see a
refusal to look at the sources tonight on lady
Babylon we establish the source I provided it for you you people at
Harvard I've provided it for you yeah if you are the least bit competent which I
I don't I'm not confident of if you're the least bit
competent you'll take these sources and you'll run with them and you'll honor the Muse but I know what's in your
shorts I know when you go to bed tonight how it's going to feel I know
because once you've been there for the for the sake of
gain once you sell your soul the devil knows you're
impure yeah thank you for coming tonight hell
[Music] Satan
forun worldly reown on the day that it came an
AR you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your
[Music]
name